architecture kubernetes ?
How to work ingress ?
How to store env variable and secret on kubernetes ?
why use statful sets kubernetes ?
How can be update kuberbnets cluster ?

main component vpc ?
one application running ec2 instance how can migrate on kubenetes cluster ?

How can be used hem chart ?

what is declartive and script base pipline ?
How can be automates kubernetes deploment ?

terraform main commands?
what is terraform statefile ?

what is handlers in ansible?
How an store secure data in ansible?

How is copy and ADD in Dockerfile ?
How can go inside container?



Ingess is used access app for internet with http or https. firstly we have devlopy app which we want access from internet and created service for that appliction
we can create clusterip or NOdeport service , these service and appliaction communicate with labels or selector, and then we have to configure ingress contoller , 
ingress controller is used for traffic manage we can also call ingress controller to L.B, After ingress controller we have to write ingress yaml file 
inside hte file we have write hostname and in backend path we define service name which you want access and port number.

For env purpose we have to use config map in kubenters inside config map we can write env variable or also we store env file and inside pod we use config map and 
also we have define on which location this varibale will store with which name and if we have secret env like password token then we can create secret but firstly we have to
convert our data into base 64 then we can  to created secret

stateful sets used because when we restart pod or delete pod and recreate always its created by unique name but if we want our pod always created by same then we can 
used stateful sets

Login into the master node and upgrade the kubeadm tool only and Verify the upgrade plan, then Apply the upgrade plan and Update Kubelet and restart the service 
and Update Kubelet and restart the service and Upgrade kubeadm on first worker node and and drain worker node, then Upgrade kubelet config on worker node then
restart the service and these steps do on all worker node



