What is the relation between the Availability Zone and Region?
What is auto-scaling? 
How do you upgrade or downgrade a system with near-zero downtime?
What are the different types of virtualization in AWS?  = Hardware Virtual Machine (HVM), Paravirtualization (PV), Paravirtualization on HVM

What Are Some of the Security Best Practices for Amazon EC2?
Can S3 Be Used with EC2 Instances, and If Yes, How?
How do you configure CloudWatch to recover an EC2 instance?

What are some critical differences between AWS S3 and EBS?
How do you allow a user to gain access to a specific bucket?
What are the Storage Classes available in Amazon S3?

How do you monitor Amazon VPC?
How many Subnets can you have per VPC?

What are the different types of load balancers in AWS ?=
Application Load Balancer
Network Load Balancer
Classic Load Balancer

What is the difference between a Domain and a Hosted Zone?


Name the initial namespaces from which Kubernetes starts?
What is etcd?
What is the LoadBalancer in Kubernetes? 
What is the difference between a replica set and a replication controller?
What is a headless service?
Define daemon sets
 Why use namespace in Kubernetes?
 Define Ingress Network
 What are the tools that are used for container monitoring?
 Define Stateful sets in Kubernetes
 What do you mean by persistent volume?
 Explain Kubernetes, and how can you integrate Jenkins with Kubernetes?
 
 
 What is Ansible Tower?
 How does Ansible Works?
 Explain Ansible architecture?
 What is Ansible Galaxy?
  How do you use Ansible to create encrypted files?
  
  What is "Continuous Integration"
   Name the three different types of pipelines in Jenkins?
   How can you set up a Jenkins job?
   How can you create a backup and copy files in Jenkins?
   What is the use of the JENKINS_HOME directory?
   Explain a backup plugin and its uses.
   
   What are the most useful Terraform commands?
    What is Terraform init?
    What do you understand by terraform backend?
    What are modules in Terraform?
     Which command destroys Terraform managed infrastructure?
     Define Resource Graph in Terraform.
      What do you understand by a Tainted Resource?
       How will you upgrade plugins on Terraform?
       

1. What is Hypervisor?
How do you list all the running containers?
How to start, stop and kill a container?
How to build a Dockerfile? 
 Do you know why docker system prune is used
 
 can kubernetes run on bare metal
 how kubernetes networking works
 kubernetes services ephemeral
 kubernetes when to use headless service
 kubernetes when to use statefulset
